simply stated there is no doubt the
Saddam Hussein now has weapons of mass
destruction they're dialing up the
rhetoric on Iraq let's see if we can
nail them down okay let's get to work
working on a theory of the
administration is already decided to go
to war and now focused on how to justify
it it's not a theory we're working on
something important that's why I'm here
to make you an offer joke out Wow
anything walks like he has a Bronze Star
what do you want to know everything the
administration doesn't want to know a
secret war planning group has been set
up in the building where I work and
which building is that the one with five
sites how real is the chatter about Iraq
Barry are you looking into an Iraqi
connection always actually come out said
I think publicly maybe it's just
backroom speculation can't we hit it
harder than this I know that a man named
Ahmed Chalabi wants to replace Saddam
Hussein that the neocons are pushing for
the invasion
and you are quickly becoming my favorite
writer roof is coming from every major
media outlet in the country except yours
right I'm speaking to you because I'm an
American citizen and I don't like what
these people are doing you guys see this
where we do when the government says
something you only have one question to
ask is it true search is underway to
find those responsible we write for
people whose kids get sent to war
our readers need to know presidents can
invade Iraq we're gonna run or whether
he comments at night
there's a SAP
there's always something you don't see
coming
I don't care about the truth they want a
war they're gonna get one
I said all due respect sir my sources
might even be in this room did you
actually have sources in the room no it
was fun watching them sweat like
in church
[Music]